800314,Bonna Mirza,"Bonna Mirza (born 9 September 1975) is a Bangladeshi actress both in television and film, and on stage, and a social activist too. She has acted more than thousand Television-dramas and some remarkable films."
800315,Tillandsia bulbosa,"Tillandsia bulbosa, the bulbous airplant, is a species of flowering plant in the genus Tillandsia. It is widespread across Central America, the West Indies, southern Mexico (Chiapas, Tabasco, Veracruz, Yucatan Peninsula), and northern and eastern South America (Venezuela, Colombia, the Guianas, Bahia, Espirito Santo, Alagoas, Amapa, Pernambuco)."
800316,John Pease Sanderson,"John Pease Sanderson (November 28, 1816 - June 28, 1871) was a delegate of the Florida Secession Convention in Tallahassee, and then a Florida member of the Congress of the Confederate States during the American Civil War."
800317,The Wonder of You (Nelson Riddle album),"The Wonder of You was an album of instrumentals performed by Nelson Riddle and his orchestra, released on June 21, 2000, by Direct Source. The recording is a compilation of songs previously released on the 1982 album titled ""The Look of Love"",  with the exception of ""Guantanamera,"" which was included in the 1987 album titled ""Games That Lovers Play."
800318,Equally Ours,"Formerly the Equality and Diversity Forum,  Equally Ours is a network of UK organisations committed to equal opportunities, social justice, good community relations, respect for human rights and an end to discrimination based on age, disability, gender and gender identity, race, religion or belief, and sexual orientation."
800319,Handleyomys,"Handleyomys is a genus of Central and South American rodents in the tribe Oryzomyini of family Cricetidae. It was first described in 2002 to include two species from the Colombian Andes which were previously included in distinct and unrelated genera, Aepeomys and Oryzomys, but which turned out to be closely related."
800320,Prayer for You,"""Prayer For You"" is the fourth and final single to be taken from the album Southside by Scottish band Texas. Despite a variety of formats it failed to make the UK Singles Chart Top 40 - only managing to reach #73."
800321,Russian Women's Fascist Movement,"Russian Women's Fascist Movement (, Rossiiskoye Zhenskoye Fashistskoye Dvizheniye) was the women's wing of the All-Russian Fascist Party, which existed in Manchuria in the 1930s and 1940s. It was established in Harbin to unite women in Russia who ""believe in God and desire a loving home and respectable work""."
800322,Lysus,"Lysus () was a Macedonian sculptor, mentioned by Pausanias, as the creator of the statue of Criannius of Elis, an Olympic victor who won a victory in the race in armour. This statue stood in the Altis, a sanctuary at Olympia, the site of the Olympic Games."
800323,Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Mega Challenge,Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Mega Challenge was a special installment of the popular Indian Sa Re Ga Ma Pa vocal contest shown on Zee TV. This show was a seven-week-long competition among eight teams representing eight different states and consisting of total 24 talented contestants from past seasons of Sa Re Ga Ma Pa.
800324,Blood-thymus barrier,"The blood-thymus barrier regulates exchange of substances between the circulatory system and thymus, providing a sequestered environment for immature T cells to develop. The barrier also prevents the immature T cells from contacting foreign antigens (since contact with antigens at this stage will cause the T cells to die by apoptosis)."
